[KMSv2] docs: updates EncryptionConfiguration doc to add wildcard support to encrypt all resources. (#39897)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/encrypt-data.md

          keys:
            - name: key1
              secret: YWJjZGVmZ2hpamtsbW5vcHFyc3R1dnd4eXoxMjM0NTY=
  - resources:
      - events
    providers:

>       - identity: {} # do not encrypt events even though  *.* is specified below

Reviewer: Can you add a separate section below to explain how someone can opt-out something while wildcard has been enabled?

  - resources:

>       - '*.apps'

Reviewer 2: We probably want to mention the minimum supported version `v1.27` for using wildcards? Similar to "encrypt custom resource" here https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/encrypt-data/#before-you-begin

data. If no provider can read the stored data due to a mismatch in format or secret key, an error
is returned which prevents clients from accessing that resource.

`EncryptionConfiguration` supports the use of wildcards to specify the resources that should be encrypted.
Use '`*.<group>`' to encrypt all resources within a group (for eg '`*.apps`' in above example) or '`*.*`'

> to encrypt all resources. '`*.`' can be used to encrypt all resource in the core group.  '`*.*`' will

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to encrypt all resources. '`*.`' can be used to encrypt all resource in the core group. '`*.*`' will
```

encrypt all resources, even custom resources that are added after API server start. 

> NOTE: Use of wildcards that overlap within the same resource list or across multiple entries are not allowed
> since part of the configuration would be ineffective. The `resources` list's processing order and precedence
> are determined by the order it's listed in the configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

{{< note >}} Use of wildcards that overlap within the same resource list or across multiple entries are not allowed
since part of the configuration would be ineffective. The `resources` list's processing order and precedence
are determined by the order it's listed in the configuration. {{< /note >}}
```

data. If no provider can read the stored data due to a mismatch in format or secret key, an error
is returned which prevents clients from accessing that resource.

> `EncryptionConfiguration` also supports the use of wildcards to specify the resources that should be encrypted. Use '`*.<group>`' to encrypt all resources within a group (for eg '`*.apps`' in above example) or '`*.*`' to encrypt all resources. '`*.`' can be used to encrypt all resource in the core group.  '`*.*`' will encrypt all resources, even custom resources that are added after API server start. Use of wildcards that overlap within the same resource list or across multiple entries are not allowed since part of the configuration would be ineffective. Resource lists are processed in order, with earlier lists taking precedence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`EncryptionConfiguration` supports the use of wildcards to specify the resources that should be encrypted. Use '`*.<group>`' to encrypt all resources within a group (for eg '`*.apps`' in above example) or '`*.*`' to encrypt all resources. '`*.`' can be used to encrypt all resource in the core group.  '`*.*`' will encrypt all resources, even custom resources that are added after API server start. 
NOTE: Use of wildcards that overlap within the same resource list or across multiple entries are not allowed since part of the configuration would be ineffective. The `resources` list's processing order and precedence are determined by the order it's listed in the configuration.
```

Reviewer 3: Please wrap the long line appropriately as we did for other paragraphs.
